PR review for https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/5700 (#5845)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configure-analytics.md

# Configuring Analytics for Choreo Connect

> Choreo Connect Analytics provides reports, dashboards, statistics, and graphs for the APIs deployed on Choreo Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect is capable of publishing fine grained analytics events to a configured platform which can then be used to generate reports, dashboards, statistics, and graphs for the APIs deployed on Choreo Connect.
```

> WSO2 Choreo Connect can publish events to the Choreo platform to generate analytics. The following subsections explain Analytics for Choreo Connect in detail and how you could generate useful analytics to gain important insights into the APIs deployed on the Choreo Connect. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect can not only publish analytics data to the Choreo platform but also to platforms that supports the ELK stack. The following subsections will explain in detail how you could enable and configure analytics for each platform to gain insights into the APIs deployed on the Choreo Connect.
```
